If you haven't encountered the `with`  statements and context managers before, I encourage you, as usual, to go  through your old code, find all the places where you were opening  files, and make sure they are safely closed using the `with` statement. Look for places to write your own context managers as well. Ugly or repetitive `try`...`finally` clauses are a good place to start, but you may find them useful any time you need to do before and/or after tasks in context.

You've  probably used many of the basic built-in functions before now. We  covered several of them, but didn't go into a great deal of detail. Play  with `enumerate`, `zip`, `reversed`, `any`, and `all`, until you know you'll remember to use them when they are the right tool for the job. The `enumerate` function is especially important, because not using it results in some pretty ugly `while` loops.

Also explore some applications that pass functions around as callable objects, as well as using the `__call__` method to make your own objects callable. You can get the same effect by attaching attributes to functions or by creating a `__call__` method on an object. In which case would you use one syntax, and when would it be more suitable to use the other?

Our  mailing list object could overwhelm an email server if there is a  massive number of emails to be sent out. Try refactoring it so that you  can use different `send_email` functions for  different purposes. One such function could be the version we used here.  A different version might put the emails in a queue to be sent by a  server in a different thread or process. A third version could just  output the data to the terminal, obviating the need for a dummy SMTP  server. Can you construct the mailing list with a callback such that the  `send_mailing` function uses whatever is passed in? It would default to the current version if no callback is supplied.

The  relationship between arguments, keyword arguments, variable arguments,  and variable keyword arguments can be a bit confusing. We saw how  painfully they can interact when we covered multiple inheritance. Devise  some other examples to see how they can work well together, as well as  to understand when they don't.