If you've never dealt with exceptions before, the first thing you  need to do is look at any old Python code you've written and notice if  there are places you should have been handling exceptions. How would you  handle them? Do you need to handle them at all? Sometimes, letting the  exception propagate to the console is the best way to communicate to the  user, especially if the user is also the script's coder. Sometimes, you  can recover from the error and allow the program to continue.  Sometimes, you can only reformat the error into something the user can  understand and display it to them.

Some common places to look are  file I/O (is it possible your code will try to read a file that doesn't  exist?), mathematical expressions (is it possible that a value you are  dividing by is zero?), list indices (is the list empty?), and  dictionaries (does the key exist?). Ask yourself whether you should  ignore the problem, handle it by checking values first, or handle it  with an exception. Pay special attention to areas where you might have  used `finally` and `else` to ensure the correct code is executed under all conditions.

Now  write some new code. Think of a program that requires authentication  and authorization, and try writing some code that uses the `auth`  module we built in the case study. Feel free to modify the module if  it's not flexible enough. Try to handle all the exceptions in a sensible way. If you're having trouble coming up  with something that requires authentication, try adding authorization  to the Notepad example from **Objects in Python**, or add authorization to the `auth`  module itself—it's not a terribly useful module if just anybody can  start adding permissions! Maybe require an administrator username and  password before allowing privileges to be added or changed.

Finally,  try to think of places in your code where you can raise exceptions. It  can be in code you've written or are working on; or you can write a new  project as an exercise. You'll probably have the best luck for designing  a small framework or API that is meant to be used by other people;  exceptions are a terrific communication tool between your code and  someone else's. Remember to design and document any self-raised  exceptions as part of the API, or they won't know whether or how to  handle them!