This is a practical course. As such, I'm not assigning a  bunch of fake object-oriented analysis problems to create designs for  you to analyze and design. Instead, I want to give you some ideas  that you can apply to your own projects. If you have previous  object-oriented experience, you won't need to put much effort into this  chapter. However, they are useful mental exercises if you've been using  Python for a while, but have never really cared about all that class  stuff.

First, think about a recent programming project you've  completed. Identify the most prominent object in the design. Try to  think of as many attributes for this object as possible. Did it have the  following: Color? Weight? Size? Profit? Cost? Name? ID number? Price?  Style?

Think about the attribute types. Were they primitives or  classes? Were some of those attributes actually behaviors in disguise?  Sometimes, what looks like data is actually calculated from other data  on the object, and you can use a method to do those calculations. What  other methods or behaviors did the object have? Which objects called  those methods? What kinds of relationships did they have with this  object?

Now, think about an upcoming project. It doesn't matter  what the project is; it might be a fun free-time project or a  multi-million-dollar contract. It doesn't have to be a complete  application; it could just be one subsystem. Perform a basic  object-oriented analysis. Identify the requirements and the interacting  objects. Sketch out a class diagram featuring the highest level of  abstraction on that system. Identify the major interacting objects.  Identify minor supporting objects. Go into detail for the attributes and  methods of some of the most interesting ones. Take different objects to  different levels of abstraction. Look for places where you can use  inheritance or composition. Look for places where you should avoid  inheritance.

The goal is not to design a system (although you're  certainly welcome to do so if inclination meets both ambition and  available time). The goal is to think about object-oriented design.  Focusing on projects that you have worked on, or are expecting to work  on in the future, simply makes it real.

Lastly, visit your  favorite search engine and look up some tutorials on UML. There are  dozens, so find one that suits your preferred method of study. Sketch  some class diagrams or a sequence diagram for the objects you identified  earlier. Don't get too hung up on memorizing the syntax (after all, if  it is important, you can always look it up again); just get a feel for  the language. Something will stay lodged in your brain, and it can make  communicating a bit easier if you can quickly sketch a diagram for your  next OOP discussion.