Write some object-oriented code. The goal is to use the principles and syntax you learned in this chapter to ensure you understand the topics we've covered.  If you've been working on a Python project, go back over it and see  whether there are some objects you can create and add properties or  methods to. If it's large, try dividing it into a few modules or even  packages and play with the syntax.

If you don't have such a  project, try starting a new one. It doesn't have to be something you  intend to finish; just stub out some basic design parts. You don't need  to fully implement everything; often, just a `print("this method will do something")` is all you need to get the overall design in place. This is called **top-down design**,  in which you work out the different interactions and describe how they  should work before actually implementing what they do. The converse, **bottom-up design**,  implements details first and then ties them all together. Both patterns  are useful at different times, but for understanding object-oriented  principles, a top-down workflow is more suitable.

If you're having  trouble coming up with ideas, try writing a to-do application. (Hint:  it would be similar to the design of the notebook application, but with  extra date management methods.) It can keep track of things you want to  do each day, and allow you to mark them as completed.

Now try  designing a bigger project. As before, it doesn't have to actually do  anything, but make sure you experiment with the package and  module-importing syntax. Add some functions in various modules and try  importing them from other modules and packages. Use relative and  absolute imports. See the difference, and try to imagine scenarios where  you would want to use each one.